Document how to use the locally compiled Azure provider (#10119)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: README.md

---

## Developer: Using the locally compiled Azure Provider binary

> After successfully compiling the Azure Provider, you must [instruct Terraform to use your locally compiled provider binary](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/cli-config.html#development-overrides-for-provider-developers) instead of the official binary from the Terraform Registy.

Reviewer: This is only applicable to 0.14 and later, so this likely needs to be:

```suggestion
When using Terraform 0.14 and later, after successfully compiling the Azure Provider, you must [instruct Terraform to use your locally compiled provider binary](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/cli-config.html#development-overrides-for-provider-developers) instead of the official binary from the Terraform Registry.
```
